Added GeoCAT-comp usage examples (#316)
NCAR/GeoCAT-examples: GeoCAT-comp-examples/README.rst

.. _comp-examples-index:

.. _gallery-geocat-comp:

====================
GeoCAT-comp Examples
====================

This gallery contains usage examples for the GeoCAT-comp functions.
These examples are represented as Python scripts and their
corresponding Jupyter notebooks, which may or may not contain
visualizations (i.e. Matplotlib plots), depending on the function
characteristics.

> For visualization, mainly `matplotlib` and `cartopy` are used. In addition,
> `geocat-datafiles <https://github.com/NCAR/geocat-datafiles>`_ is used as a
> dataset storage, `geocat-viz <https://github.com/NCAR/geocat-viz>`_ is used for
> a higher level implementation for low level `matplotlib` functionalities, as
> well as `xarray` and `numpy` are used for data processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For visualization, mainly `matplotlib` and `cartopy` are used. In addition,
`geocat-datafiles <https://github.com/NCAR/geocat-datafiles>`_ is used as a
dataset storage and `geocat-viz <https://github.com/NCAR/geocat-viz>`_ is used for
a higher level implementation for low level `matplotlib` functionalitie., `Xarray` and `numpy` are used for data processing.
```

Just a little bit of rewording. Is this paragraph necessary though? I assume if more geocat-comp examples are added, this list will need to be expanded and I'm just not sure we need to enumerate some of the packages that we used like this.

Author: Thanks for the rewording and question! I intended this paragraph to give general information about our visualization and data processing implementations, and what significant packages we are using. That said, whatever the number of new GeoCAT-comp examples, I would expect this paragraph to stay same. Thoughts?
